My name is Ankur Goswami.  Friends, today's job
opportunity has come
in ICC Lombard.  Right?  So it is a very good
opportunity.  This interview is going on at many places.
You can apply for this.  You
can go for walk-in interviews.
Right?  So look, whatever videos I show
you, if you say sir this is fake,
this is true.  Son, let's clear one thing up.
You have to go to the walk-in interviews.  The
address is given.  Go and give
the interview.  How can it be fake, friend?
How can it be fake?  It's a simple thing.
Right?  So you pay attention.  And let me clear this matter for you.  There are a
lot of
jobs coming in April.  Keep yourself completely
trendy.  Keep it ready.
Keep a good resume ready.  How to
make a resume?  A video has been made in the description.  There
is a video in the description.  Watch Create a resume
with an app called Canva
Create a resume with an app called Canva.  Right?
Work on your English a little.
How to learn English is in the video description.
How to give an interview?  You must watch these three-four
videos.  There are a
lot of videos in the description.  Look friend, the
videos in the description are
not for promotion.  This is for you.  You get
promoted, you get like good, you know promotion
etc.  This is for you to grow well
and if you have come to the channel for the first time and have
not joined the channel yet, then subscribe to the channel,
this is such a channel where
I keep telling you every day about walk-in interviews, work from home,
jobs for 10th and 12th pass,
what good opportunities are coming in government jobs,
okay let's
talk further, friends, here it is
in ICC Lombard, first of all the
interview is going on in Vijaynagar in Indore, so friends,
this is a walk-in interview in Indore, the interview is going on
for Customer Relationship Executive from 7th to
15th April, okay,
now let's see what this is,
digital sales lead generation is your outbound
coiling work here.  Right?  Here
you will get a salary of Rs 2 to 2.75, that is, around Rs 15 to 20,000.
Ok?  Your
interview is going on from 7th to 15th.  Go
for the interview.  ICC LBA is in the payroll so it is a good
opportunity.  Look friend, wherever you live, you will
get fresher sales.  The children say,
Sir, we don't want sales.  You won't
get a son.  You can do anything.  Then
look at something other than the bank.  You will have to develop skills in that.
Right?  If you want to go to the bank and
get a job quickly, you will only get sales.
Remember this.  Let's talk further.
Ah, what is this?  Is this also Indore
?  Yes.  This also became Indore.  Indore
Vijaynagar.  Ok?  Walk in Interview Customer
Relationship Manager Indore Done.  A lot of
interviews are taking place.
Son, go to Indore and give the interview.  He is one of my
students, isn't he?  There are
many students who are from Indore side.
Just now a child also sent a message.  He
is a very good child.  He has been
connected to me for a very long time.  Customer care
executive is in Navi Mumbai.  Son,
you guys can go and give the interview.  He became a Mumbaikar.
Look at Mumbai.  Mumbai location
is Thane Panvel for Digital Sales.  Let's
see it in ICSC Lobard in Navi Mumbai Bhopal.
You can apply for Unit Sales Manager.  There is salary, freshers can
also join it.  Experiences may also come.  The
salary is according to that.  The salary is the
same, yours can start from Rs 15-20.
Now see what is there here that it includes
recruiting leaders and providing regular
training for selling insurance policies.
See Licensing Tracking What's the point here
?  What's a Unit Sales Manager to
do?  You have to
hire agents who are there.
Unit Sales Manager will be working here.
You have to hire agents.  They have to be
trained thoroughly and sales have to be
made from them.  I have to get them to sell insurance.
Insurance sales have to be done.  This work will be
yours.  Ok?  This is what you are doing in Bhopal.
You should create a good profile.
Make a good resistance.  After that you
keep applying.  And let us see
what other opportunities are there in the future and where,
friends.  Many
opportunities have come up in Maharashtra location.
Ludhiana.  Relationship Margin is
for Ludhiana location friends.
What is the salary here too?  2.5 lakh to 4 lakh, that is, it will
start from Rs 1820 as a fresher.
So here also, yes, look here,
experience is asked for, one year
experience.  So look carefully.  If experience is mentioned
in any profile for which you are applying, then
you can do it accordingly.
If you are a fresher then do
not apply.  You can apply where experience is not
mentioned as I told you earlier.
So here your
one year experience is asked.
If anyone has experience in sales then you can
apply easily and
move ahead.  It's simple.  And friends please
watch the videos.  The videos are made for you.
Unless you are skilled, you will
not get a job.  Even if you get the interview by the way, you will
not be able to crack it.
Remember this also.  Ok?  and
Gwalior Navi Mumbai.  Also Unit Sales
Manager.  Unit Sales Manager means
freshers are eligible in this.  Freshers can apply.
And you can apply here.  There is no
issue.  Ok?  To apply,
your resume must be very well prepared.
Right?  It's Kolhapur.
Became Associate Agency Development Manager.  Then here is the
Unit Sales Manager, I did
not show you the first one.  Navi Mumbai
etc. happened.  There are a lot of opportunities guys.
This is for Maharashtra.   It
is in a very good location.  Look at it.  You
can apply.  Ok?   Let us
open the third page once.
Where is it?  Look, it is in Mumbai.
And as far as the matter is concerned, you will say Sir, we do
not belong to these places.  Son, for that
you can watch my other videos.
What is in my other videos, there are more videos.
I keep creating different jobs for pan India.
Look, let me clear one thing.
I look for job opportunities wherever they are.  Wherever I
find a job opportunity, I make a video on it.
Ok?  Now let's see
your ICC LBA Operations Manager Analytics
& Consulting IC LBA IC LBA right see this is
also a method, this is a method, brother is it fake or
real, whose logo is this of ICS LBA,
who has posted it here, ICIC LBR has posted it,
what is the job, Analytics &
Consulting means it is a good job, it is a big job,
obviously it
requires a lot of experience, now is
experience written here or not,
one to four years of experience is required in
Analytics, in Operations, in Consulting
roles, this is your operations job
where you need a lot of skills like
you should know Excel, SQL, Power BI etc.
This is for them.  Understand those who
say, Sir, we want a job in operations.
Son, as a fresher, you
cannot get a job in operations anywhere.  Do as much research as
you want.  Right?  Now let's talk further and
what opportunity is showing here.
So most of it is here right now in Thane i.e.
Maharashtra locations.  So friends, all those
people who are from Maharashtra, please
apply.  Now look, this is a walk-in interview
for Unit Sales Manager.
This interview is going on from 6th April to 8th April.
Son, if you are from Kolkata then definitely go for the
interview.  You must go
for the interview.  What experience is asked for?   Let's see the
experience.  The agency manager.
Responsible for increasing the Motor
Products business volume through the
acquisition and development of channel partner
agents and respons.  Ok?  Here also
you have to hire agents.
Insurance has to be
sold through agents.  They have to train you and
you have to get them to sell insurance.  This
work is going to be yours.  And
freshers are eligible here.  The exact salary has
not been disclosed, but the salary is Rs 15,000 to 20,000.
You people from Kolkata should go to give the interview.
Ok?  So you
can search more here also.
You must go to the city you belong to and
apply.  Friends, connect from channel to channel.
Subscribe to the channel.  I
want that maximum number of people should
watch all the videos of this channel where
I keep sharing daily job updates, walk in interviews,
work from home videos etc.  I keep you
posted on job updates.
Ok?  Come on, take care of yourself.  Thank you so much.
Keep working on your skills.  God
bless you everyone.  Thanks a lot.